Questions 1:What is the keyword for removing one set of characters and inserting another set in its place?
Answer: repalce

Questions 2:After these two statements execute, what is the value of x? Include quotation marks.
var x = "abc";
var y = x.replace("a", "z");
 Asnwer: "abc"

Questions 3: If you want all instances replaced, enter 3 characters that need to appear in this statement.
var y = x.replace("a", "z");
Answer: The code for a global replace is: 
var y = x.replace(/a/g, "z");

Questions 4: After these two statements execute, what is the value of x? Include quotation marks.
var x = "abc abc";
x = x.replace("a", "z");
Answer: "zbc abc"
The statement replaces only the first instance.

Question 8: In a string represented by str replace the first instance of "1" with "one" and assign the revised string to newStr, which hasn't been declared beforehand.
Answer: var newStr = str.replace("1", "one");

Question 9: In a string represented by str replace all instances of "1" with "one" and assign the revised string to newStr, which hasn't been declared beforehand.
Answer: var newStr = str.replace(/1/g, "one");

Question 10: In a string represented by a variable replace the first instance of one string with another and assign the revised string to the original variable.
Answer: str = str.replace("hee", "haw");

Question 11: In a string represented by a variable replace all instances of one string with another and assign the revised string to the original variable.
Answer: str = str.replace(/hee/g, "haw");

Question 12: The string "Move up" has been assigned to the variable direction. In a single statement and with the minimum amount of code, code an alert that specifies as the message the variable direction, but revised so it says "Move down"
Answer: alert(direction.replace("up", "down"));

Question 19: Assign a string to a variable.
Replace a set of characters in it.
Display an alert, specifying the variable as the message.
Click the Run It button to run your code live.
Answer: var text = "Let the great world spin.";
text = text.replace("spin", "rotate");
alert(text);

Question 20:Assign "To be or not to be" to a variable.
Replace all instances of "be" with "party".
Display an alert, specifying the variable as the message.
Click the Run It button to run your code live.
Answer: var text = "To be or not to be.";
text = text.replace(/be/g, "party");
alert(text);
